hi guys and himself he says USA I'm
going to be doing a little overview on
the sony ultra t2 case that's the Sony
t2 ultra case and this is our heavy duty
stand case you can find this case and
other cases on our website at sell cases
usa.com that is sell cases usa.com now
on these cases they are made up of two
layers of material there is a silicon
and then there is a plastic so on we
don't the really quick show you how
these cases work so the first layer is
the silicon it just comes right off
really easily and as you can see it kind
of has like this little texturize
quilted look to it and it's like really
flexible and really thin materials so
this is one part of it and then you have
the plastic right here this comes apart
into two pieces and when you have your
phone you just go to go ahead and you're
going to put your phone in here you're
going to take your second part and
you're going to go ahead and you're
gonna snap it on goes on really easily
make sure all the things are put in and
then once you got that you can go ahead
and you could put on the silicone goes
on really easily as well and you want to
make sure right here that the grooves
are all inside and this outer part also
kind of it sticks out a little more so
when your phone's inside you're going to
see that it kind of can protect your
screen a little bit if you're lying down
your phone on the flat surface this way
so that's pretty cool too and this right
here is the kickstand so this part just
pops right out you want to go ahead and
set it down and watch like a movie or
video you can go ahead and do that and
it stands both way so it can stand up
words and then you can stand on its side
horizontally so you have those two
options which is pretty cool and if you
don't want it you could just go ahead
and pop it right back and it's like if
it was never there you still have access
to see your speaker or your camera
headphone jack charger everything that's
pretty cool we have this blue and green
we
a full-on black a black and purple we
have a hot pink and white and we have a
block and a ride with you other colors
too and a few more cases on a website
that sell cases usa.com that is sell
pieces usa.com can go ahead and check
those out
okay so again just for the teach you old
track thank you